Make Native Chat Handlers Overridable via Entry Points (#1249)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/developers/index.md

Then, install your package so that Jupyter AI adds custom chat handlers
to the existing chat handlers.

## Disabling a built-in slash command

You can disable a built-in slash command globally by providing a mostly-empty chat handler with `disabled = True`. For example, to disable the default `ask` chat handler of Jupyter AI, define:

```python

> class AskChatHandler:
>     disabled = True

Reviewer: With the above suggestion, developers will also have to set the `id` and `routing_type` field.

```suggestion
class AskChatHandler:
    id = "ask"
    routing_type = SlashCommandRoutingType(slash_id="ask")
    disabled = True
```

Reviewer: No longer needed.

> ## Disabling a built-in slash command
> 
> You can disable a built-in slash command globally by providing a mostly-empty chat handler with `disabled = True`. For example, to disable the default `ask` chat handler of Jupyter AI, define:
> 
> ```python
> class AskChatHandler:
>     disabled = True
> ```
> 

Reviewer: @Darshan808 Thanks for clarifying & being patient with me. I now realize my mistake. To disable a chat command, the entry point name has to exactly match the entry point we provide. This is what I added to `jupyter-ai-test` to disable `/ask`:

```
[project.entry-points."jupyter_ai.chat_handlers"]
ask-disabled = "jupyter_ai_test.test_slash_commands:DisabledAskSlashCommand"
```

This does not work, since this just adds a `ask-disabled` key to the `chat_handlers` dict, instead of overriding the `ask` key. This is the correct way:

```
[project.entry-points."jupyter_ai.chat_handlers"]
ask = "jupyter_ai_test.test_slash_commands:DisabledAskSlashCommand"
```

@Darshan808 We just need to clarify this in the documentation, and this PR is good to go! Thanks for your help thus far. 🤗 

````suggestion
## Overriding or disabling a built-in slash command

You can define a custom implementation of a built-in slash command by following the steps above on building a custom slash command. This will involve creating and installing a new package. Then, to override a chat handler with this custom implementation, provide an entry point with a name matching the ID of the chat handler to override.

For example, to override `/ask` with a  `CustomAskChatHandler` class, add the following to `pyproject.toml` and re-install the new package:

```python
[project.entry-points."jupyter_ai.chat_handlers"]
ask = "<module-path>:CustomAskChatHandler"
```

You can also disable a built-in slash command by providing a mostly-empty chat handler with `disabled = True`. For example, to disable the default `ask` chat handler of Jupyter AI, define a new `DisabledAskChatHandler`:

```python
class DisabledAskChatHandler:
    id = 'ask'
    disabled = True
```

Then, provide this as an entry point in your custom package:

```python
[project.entry-points."jupyter_ai.chat_handlers"]
ask = "<module-path>:DisabledAskChatHandler"
```

Finally, re-install your custom package. After starting JupyterLab, the `/ask` command should now be disabled.

:::{warning}
:name: entry-point-name
To override or disable a built-in slash command via an entry point, the name of the entry point (left of the `=` symbol) must match the chat handler ID exactly. 
:::

````
